Remove oesign's dependency on libsgx_enclave_common and libsgx_dcap_ql (#2644)
openenclave/openenclave: host/OEHOSTMR/README.md

> The `liboehostmr` is a subset of liboehost, and it's main functionality is to get the enclave's measurement. Following other host libraries' naming convention, this library starts with liboehost, and `mr` is short for `measurement report`.

Reviewer: grammar: "it's" should be "its"

Author: Fixed, thanks.

> To reuse source code, a macro `OEHOSTMR` is used that some sentences refering to libsgx_enclave_common are stripped off. Thus this library has no dependency on libsgx_enclave_common(also libsgx_dcap_ql).

Reviewer: grammar: can't parse "is used that some sentences … are stripped off".
Please reword.   Also add space before open paren.

Author: Fixed, thanks.

> To reuse source code, a macro `OEHOSTMR` is used that some sentences refering to libsgx_enclave_common are stripped off. Thus this library has no dependency on libsgx_enclave_common(also libsgx_dcap_ql).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `liboehostmr` library reuses the source code from `liboehost` by using the preprocessor definition `OEHOSTMR`. When specified, `OEHOSTMR` removes any code references to libsgx_enclave_common or libsgx_dcap_ql so that `liboehostmr` has no dependencies on those libraries.
```

Reviewer 2: It looks like there's a merge conflict and both upper case and lower case versions of the file exist in this PR now?

Author: Thanks for rewriting the whole paragraph! Yes I forget to use `git mv` but `mv` only, now it is fixed.
